Good afternoon, my name is Sarah and I will be your conference operator today.
At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to NVIDIA's first quarter fiscal 2026 financial
results conference call.
All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise.
After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question and answer session.
If you would like to ask a question during this time, simply press star one on your telephone
keypad.
If you would like to withdraw your question, please press star one again.
Thank you.
So Shia-Hari, you may begin your conference.
Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to NVIDIA's conference call for the first quarter of
fiscal 2026.
With me today from NVIDIA are Jensen Wong, president and chief executive officer, and
Collette Cress, executive vice president and chief financial officer.
I'd like to remind you that our call is being webcast live on NVIDIA's investor relations
website.
The webcasts will be available for replay until the conference call to discuss our financial
results for the second quarter of fiscal 2026.
The content of today's call is NVIDIA's property.
It can't be reproduced or transcribed without our prior written consent.
During this call, we may make forward looking statements based on current expectations.
These are subject to a number of significant risks and uncertainties, and our actual results
may differ materially.
For a discussion of factors that could affect our future financial results in business,
please refer to the disclosure in today's earnings release, our most recent forms 10K
and 10Q, and the reports that we may file on Formate K with the Securities and Exchange
Commission.
All our statements are made as of today, May 28th, 2025, based on information currently
available to us.
Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any such statements.
During this call, we will discuss non-GAP financial measures.
You can find a reconciliation of these non-GAP financial measures to GAP financial measures
in our CFO commentary, which is posted on our website.
With that, let me turn the call over to Colette.
Thank you, Toshio.
We delivered another strong quarter with revenue of $44 billion, up 69% year over year, exceeding
our outlook in what proved to be a challenging operating environment.
Data center revenue of $39 billion grew 73% year on year.
AR workloads have transitioned strongly to inference, and AI factory buildouts are driving
significant revenue.
Our customers' commitments are firm.
On April 9th, the U.S. government issued new export controls on H20.
Our data center GPU designed specifically for the China market.
We sold H20 with the approval of the previous administration.
Although our H20 has been in the market for over a year and does not have a market outside
of China, the new export controls on H20 did not provide a grace period to allow us to
sell through our inventory.
In Q1, we recognized $4.6 billion in H20 revenue, which occurred prior to April 9th,
but also recognized a $4.5 billion charge as we wrote down inventory and purchase obligations
tied to orders we had received prior to April 9th.
We were unable to ship $2.5 billion in H20 revenue in the first quarter due to the new
export controls.
The $4.5 billion charge was less than what we initially anticipated as we were able to
reuse certain materials.
We are still evaluating our limited options to supply data center compute products compliant
with the U.S. government's revised export control rules.
Losing access to the China AI accelerator market, which we believe will grow to nearly
$50 billion, would have a material adverse impact on our business going forward and benefit
our foreign competitors in China and worldwide.
Our Blackwell rail, the fastest in our company's history, drove a 73% year on year increase
in data center revenue.
Blackwell contributed nearly 70% of data center compute revenue in the quarter with a transition
from hopper nearly complete.
The introduction of GB200 NBL was a fundamental architectural change to enable data center
scale workloads and to achieve the lowest cost per inference token.
While these systems are complex to build, we have seen a significant improvement in manufacturing
yields and rack shipments are moving to strong rates to end customers.
GB200 NBL racks are now generally available for modern builders, enterprises, and sovereign
customers to develop and deploy AI.
On average, major hyperscalers are each deploying nearly 1,000 NBL 72 racks or 72,000 Blackwell
GPUs per week and are on track to further ramp output this quarter.
Microsoft, for example, has already deployed tens of thousands of Blackwell GPUs and is
expected to ramp to hundreds of thousands of GB200s with open AI as one of its key customers.
Key learnings from the GB200 ramp will allow for a smooth transition to the next phase
of our product roadmap, Blackwell Ultra.
Sampling of GB300 systems began earlier this month at the major CSPs and we expect production
shipments to commerce later this quarter.
GB300 will leverage the same architecture, same physical footprint, and the same electrical
and mechanical specifications as GB200.
The GB300 drop in design will allow CSPs to seamlessly transition their systems and manufacturing
used for GB200 while maintaining high yields.
GB300 GPUs with 50% more HBM will deliver another 50% increase in dense FP4 inference compute
performance compared to the B200.
We remain committed to our annual product cadence, with our roadmap extending through
2028 tightly aligned with the multiple year planning cycles of our customers.
We are witnessing a sharp jump in inference demand.
Open AI, Microsoft, and Google are seeing a step-function leap in token generation.
Microsoft processed over 100 trillion tokens in Q1, a five-fold increase on a year-over-year
basis.
This exponential growth in Azure Open AI is representative of strong demand for Azure
AI Foundry as well as other AI services across Microsoft's platform.
Inference serving startups are now serving models using B200, tripling their token generation
made and corresponding revenues for high value reasoning models such as DeepSeek R1 as reported
by artificial analysis.
NVIDIA Dynamo on Blackwell NVL-72 turbocharges AI inference throughput by 30X for the new
reasoning models sweeping the industry.
Developer engagements increased with adoption ranging from LLM providers such as perplexity
to financial services institutions such as Capital One who reduced agentic chat box latency
by 5X with Dynamo.
In the latest ELMOL Perf inference results, we submitted our first results using GB200
NVL-72 delivering up to 30X higher inference throughput compared to our 8GPU H200 submission
on the challenging LLMA 3.1 benchmark.
This feat was achieved through a combination of tripling the performance per GPU as well
as 9X more GPUs all connected on a single NVLink domain.
And while Blackwell is still early in its life cycle, software optimizations have already
improved its performance by 1.5X in the last month alone.
We expect to continue improving the performance of Blackwell through its operational life as
we have done with Hopper and Amper.
For example, we increased the inference performance of Hopper by 4X over 2 years.
This is the benefit of NVIDIA's programmable CUDA architecture and rich ecosystem.
The pace and scale of AI factory deployments are accelerating with nearly 100 NVIDIA-powered
AI factories in flight this quarter.
A two-fold increase year-to-year with the average number of GPUs powering each factory
also doubling in the same period.
And more AI factory projects are starting across industries and geographies.
NVIDIA's full stack architecture is underpinning AI factory deployments as industry leaders
like AT&T, BYD, Capital One, Foxconn, MediaTek, and Telenoor are strategically vital sovereign
clouds like those recently announced in Saudi Arabia, Taiwan, and the UAE.
We have a line of sight to projects requiring tens of gigawatts of NVIDIA AI infrastructure
in the not too distant future.
The transition from generative to agentic AI, AI capable of perceiving, reasoning, planning,
and acting will transform every industry, every company and country.
We envision AI agents as a new digital workforce capable of handling tasks ranging from customer
service to complex decision-making processes.
We introduced the Lama Nemotron family of open reasoning models designed to supercharge
identical AI platforms for enterprises. Built on the Lama architecture, these models are
available as NIMS or NVIDIA inference microservices with multiple sizes to meet diverse deployment
needs.
Our post-training enhancements have yield a 20% accuracy boost and a 5x increase in
inference speed.
Leading platform companies including Accenture, Cadence, Deloitte, and Microsoft are transforming
work with our reasoning models.
NVIDIA, NIMO, microservices are generally available across industries and are being
leveraged by leading enterprises to build, optimize, and scale AI applications.
With NIMO, Cisco increased model accuracy by 40% and improved response time by 10x in
its code assistant.
NASDAQ realized a 30% improvement in accuracy and response time in its AI platform's search
capabilities and Shell's custom LLM achieved a 30% increase in accuracy when trained with
NVIDIA, NIMO, NIMO's parallelism techniques accelerated model training time by 20% when
compared to other frameworks.
We also announced a partnership with YumBrands, the world's largest restaurant company to
bring NVIDIA AI to 500 of its restaurants this year and expanding to 61,000 restaurants
over time to streamline, order-taking, optimize operations, and enhance service across its
restaurants.
For AI-powered cybersecurity-leading companies like Checkpoint, CloudStrike, and PaloTent
Networks are using NVIDIA's AI security and software stack to build optimized and secure
agentic workflows with CloudStrike realizing 2x faster detection triage with 50% less compute
cost.
Moving to networking, sequential growth in networking resumed in Q1 with revenue up 64% quarter
over quarter to five billion.
Our customers continue to leverage our platform to efficiently scale up and scale out AI factory
workloads.
We created the world's fastest switch, NVLink.
For scale up, our NVLink compute fabric in its fifth generation offers 14x the bandwidth
of PCIe Gen 5.
NVLink 72 carries 130 terabytes per second of bandwidth in a single rack, equivalent to
the entirety of the world's peak internet traffic.
NVLink is a new growth vector and is off to a great start, with Q1 shipments exceeding
a billion dollars.
At Computex, we announced NVLink Fusion.
Scale customers can now build semi-custom CCUs and accelerators that connect directly
to the NVIDIA platform with NVLink.
We are now enabling key partners, including ASIC providers such as MediaTek, Marvell,
Alchip Technologies, and Astero Labs, as well as CPU suppliers such as Fuzitsu and Qualcomm
to leverage NVLink Fusion to connect our respective ecosystems.
For scale out, our enhanced Ethernet offerings deliver the highest throughput, low latency
networking for AI.
Spectrum X post a strong sequential and year-on-year growth and is now annualizing over 8 billion
in revenue.
Adoption is widespread across major CSPs and consumer internet companies, including Core
We, Microsoft Azure, Oracle Cloud, and XAI.
This quarter, we added Google Cloud and Meta to the growing list of Spectrum X customers.
We introduced Spectrum X and Quantum X, Silicon Photonics switches featuring the world's most
advanced co-package optics.
These platforms will enable next-level AI factory scaling to millions of GPUs through
the increasingly power efficiency by 3.5x and network resiliency by 10x while accelerating
customer time to market by 1.3x.
Transitioning to a quick summary of our revenue by geography, China as a percentage of our
data center revenue was slightly below our expectations and down sequentially due to
H20 export licensing controls.
For Q2, we expect a meaningful decrease in China data center revenue.
As a reminder, while Singapore represented nearly 20% of our Q1 build revenue, as many
of our large customers use Singapore for centralized invoicing, our products are almost always
built elsewhere.
Note that over 99% of H100, H200, and Blackwell data center compute revenue built to Singapore
was for orders from US-based customers.
Moving to gaming and AI PCs.
Gaming revenue was a record 3.8 billion, increasing 48% sequentially and 42% year-on-year.
Long adoption by gamers, creatives, and AI enthusiasts have made Blackwell our fastest
ramp ever.
Against a backdrop of robust demand, we greatly improved our supply and availability in Q1
and expect to continue these efforts in Q2.
AI is transforming PC and creator and gamers.
With a 100 million user installed base, GeForce represents the largest footprint for PC developers.
This quarter, we added to our AI PC laptop offerings, including models capable of running
Microsoft's co-pilot plus.
This past quarter, we brought Blackwell architecture to mainstream gaming with its launch of GeForce
RTX 5060 and 5060 Ti, starting at just $299.
The RTX 5060 also debuted in laptops starting at $1,099, these systems that double the frame
rate and slash latency.
These GeForce RTX 5060 and 5060 Ti desktop GPUs and laptops are now available.
In console gaming, the recently unveiled Nintendo Switch 2 leverages Nvidia's neural rendering
and AI technologies, including next-generation custom RTX GPUs with the LSS technology to
deliver a giant leap in gaming performance to millions of players worldwide.
Nintendo has shipped over 150 million Switch consoles to date, making it one of the most
successful gaming systems in history.
Moving to pro-visualization, revenue of 509 million was flat sequentially in up 19 percent
year on year.
Tariff-related uncertainty temporarily impacted Q1 systems, and demand for our AI workstations
is strong and we expect sequential revenue growth to resume in Q2.
Nvidia DGX Spark and Station revolutionized personal computing by putting the power of
an AI supercomputer in a desktop form factor.
DGX Spark delivers up to one petaflop of AI compute while DGX Station offers an incredible
20 petaflops and is powered by the GB300 SuperChip.
DGX Spark will be available in calendar Q3 and DGX Station later this year.
We have deepened Omniverse's integration and adoption into some of the world's leading
software platforms including Databricks, SAP, and Snyder Electric.
New Omniverse blueprints such as MEGA for at-scale robotic fleet management are being leveraged
in Keon Group, Pegatron, Accenture, and other leading companies to enhance industrial operations.
At Confitex, we showcased Omniverse's great traction with technology manufacturing leaders
including TSMC, Quanta, Foxconn, Pegatron.
Using Omniverse, TSMC saves months in work by designing fabs virtually.
Foxconn accelerates thermal simulations by 150x and Pegatron reduced assembly line defects
rates by 67%.
Lastly with our automotive group, revenue was 567 million down 1% sequentially but up 72%
year on year.
Year on year growth was driven by the ramp of self-driving across a number of customers
and robust end demand for NEVs.
We are partnering with GM to build the next gen vehicles, factories, and robots using
NVIDIA AI, simulation, and accelerated computing.
And we are now in production with our full stack solution for Mercedes-Benz starting
with the new CLA, hitting roads in the next few months.
We announced Isaac, Group, and One, the world's first open fully customizable foundation model
for humanoid robots enabling generalized reasoning and skill development.
We also launched new open NVIDIA Cosmo World Foundation models.
Leading companies include One X, Agility Robots, Robotics, Figure AI, Uber, and Wabby.
We've begun integrating Cosmos into their operations for synthetic data generation while
Agility Robotics, Boston Dynamics, and XPEM Robotics are harnessing Isaac simulation to
advance their humanoid efforts.
GE Healthcare is using the new NVIDIA Isaac platform for healthcare simulation built on
NVIDIA Omniverse and using NVIDIA Cosmos, the platform speeds development of robotic
imaging and surgery systems.
The era of robotics is here.
Billions of robots, hundreds of millions of autonomous vehicles, and hundreds of thousands
of robotic factories and warehouses will be developed.
All right, moving to the rest of the P&L, gap-gross margins and non-gap-gross margins were 60.5%
and 61% respectively.
Excluding the 4.5 billion charge, Q1 non-gap-gross margins would have been 71.3%.
Slightly above our outlook at the beginning of the quarter.
Sequentially, gap operating expenses were up 7%, and non-gap operating expenses were
up 6%, reflecting higher compensation and employee growth.
Our investments include expanding our infrastructure capabilities and AI solutions, and we plan
to grow these investments throughout the fiscal year.
In Q1, we returned a record 14.3 billion to shareholders in the form of share repurchases
and cash dividends.
Our capital return program continues to be a key element of our capital allocation strategy.
Let me turn to the outlook for the second quarter.
Total revenue is expected to be 45 billion, plus or minus 2%.
We expect modest sequential growth across all of our platforms.
In Datacenter, we anticipate the continued ramp of Blackwell to be partially offset by
a decline in China revenue.
Note our outlook reflects a loss in H20 revenue of approximately $8 billion for the second
quarter.
Gap and non-gap-gross margins are expected to be 71.8% and 72% respectively, plus or
minus 50 basis points.
We expect better Blackwell profitability to drive modest sequential improvement in gross
margins.
We are continuing to work towards achieving gross margins in the mid-70s range late this
year.
Gap and non-gap operating expenses are expected to be approximately 5.7 billion and 4 billion,
respectively, and we continue to expect full-year fiscal year 26 operating expense growth to
be in the mid-30% range.
Gap and non-gap other income and expenses are expected to be an income of approximately
450 million, excluding gays and losses from non-marketable and publicly held equity securities.
Gap and non-gap tax rates are expected to be 16.5%, plus or minus 1%, excluding any discrete
items.
Further financial details are included in the CFO commentary and other information available
on our IR website, including a new financially information AI agent.
Let me highlight upcoming events for the financial community.
We will be at the B of A Global Technology Conference in San Francisco on June 4.
The Rosenblatt Virtual AI Summit and Yazdek Investor Conference in London on June 10,
on GTC Paris at VivaTech on June 11 in Paris.
We look forward to seeing you at these events.
Our earnings call to discuss the results of our second quarter of fiscal 2026 is scheduled
for August 27.
Well now, let me turn it over to Jensen to make some remarks.
Thanks, Collette.
We've had a busy and productive year.
Let me share my perspective on some topics we're frequently asked.
On export control, China is one of the world's largest AI markets and a springboard to global
success.
With half of the world's AI researchers based there, the platform that wins China is positioned
to lead globally.
Today, however, the $50 billion China market is effectively closed to U.S. industry.
The H20 export ban ended our Hopper data center business in China.
We cannot reduce Hopper further to comply.
As a result, we are taking a multi-billion dollar write-off on inventory that cannot
be sold or repurposed.
We are exploring limited ways to compete, but Hopper is no longer an option.
China's AI moves on with or without U.S. chips.
It has to compute to train and deploy advanced models.
The question is not whether China will have AI.
It already does.
The question is whether one of the world's largest AI markets will run on American platforms.
Being Chinese chip makers from U.S. competition only strengthens them abroad and weakens America's
position.
Export restrictions have spurred China's innovation and scale.
The AI race is not just about chips.
It's about which stack the world runs on.
As that stack grows to include 6G and quantum, U.S. global infrastructure leadership is at
stake.
The U.S. has based its policy on the assumption that China cannot make AI chips.
That assumption was always questionable and now it's clearly wrong.
China has enormous manufacturing capability.
In the end, the platform that wins the AI developers wins AI.
Export controls should strengthen U.S. platforms, not drive half of the world's AI talent
to rivals.
On DeepSeq, DeepSeq and QN from China are among the best open source AI models.
Released freely, they've gained traction across the U.S., Europe, and beyond.
DeepSeq R1, like ChatGPT, introduced reasoning AI that produces better answers the longer
in thinks.
Reasoning AI enables step-by-step problem-solving, planning, and tool use, turning models into
intelligent agents.
Reasoning is compute-intensive, requires hundreds to thousands of times more tokens per task
than previous one-shot inference.
Simultaneous models are driving a step-function surge in inference demand.
AI scaling laws remain firmly intact, not only for training, but now, inference too,
requires massive-scale compute.
DeepSeq also underscores the strategic value of open source AI.
When popular models are trained and optimized on U.S. platforms, it drives usage, feedback,
and continuous improvement, reinforcing American leadership across the stack.
U.S. platforms must remain the preferred platform for open source AI.
That means supporting collaboration with top developers globally, including in China.
America wins when models like DeepSeq and QN run best on American infrastructure.
Building onshore manufacturing President Trump has outlined a bold vision
to reshort advanced manufacturing, create jobs, and strengthen national security.
Future plants will be highly computerized in robotics.
We share this vision.
TSMC is building six fabs and two advanced packaging plants in Arizona to make chips
for NVIDIA.
This qualification is underway with volume production expected by year end.
Spill and Amcore are also investing in Arizona, constructing packaging, assembly, and test
facilities.
In Houston, we're partnering with Foxconn to construct a million-square-foot factory
to build AI supercomputers.
Wistron is building a similar plant in Fort Worth, Texas.
To encourage and support these investments, we've made substantial long-term purchase
commitments, a deep investment in America's AI manufacturing future.
Our goal, from chip to supercomputer, built in America within a year.
Each GB200 and B-Link 72 racks contains 1.2 million components and weighs nearly 2 tons.
No one has produced supercomputers on this scale.
Our partners are doing an extraordinary job.
On AI diffusion rule, President Trump rescinded the AI diffusion rule, calling it counterproductive,
and proposed a new policy to promote U.S. AI tech with trusted partners.
On his Middle East tour, he announced historic investments.
I was honored to join him in announcing a 500-megawatt AI infrastructure project in
Saudi Arabia and a 5-gigawatt AI campus in the UAE.
President Trump wants U.S. tech to lead.
The deals he announced are wins for America, creating jobs, advancing infrastructure, generating
tax revenue, and reducing the U.S. trade deficit.
The U.S. will always be Nvidia's largest market and home to the largest install base
of our infrastructure.
Every nation now sees AI as core to the next industrial revolution, a new industry that
produces intelligence and essential infrastructure for every economy.
Countries are racing to build national AI platforms to elevate their digital capabilities.
At Computext, we announced Taiwan's first AI factory in partnership with Foxconn and
the Taiwan government.
Last week, I was in Sweden to launch its first national AI infrastructure.
Japan, Korea, India, Canada, France, the UK, Germany, Italy, Spain, and more are now building
national AI factories to empower startups, industries, and societies.
National AI is a new growth engine for Nvidia.
Toshia, back to you.
Thank you.
Operator, we will now open the call for questions.
Would you please pull for questions?
Thank you.
At this time, I would like to remind everyone in order to ask a question, press star, then
the number one on your telephone keypad.
We'll pause for just a moment to compile the Q&A roster.
Your first question comes from the line of Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley.
Your line is open.
Great.
Thank you.
You guys have talked about this scaling up of inference around reasoning models for at
least a year now, and we've really seen that come to fruition.
As you talked about, we've heard it from your customers.
Can you give us a sense for how much of that demand you're able to serve and give us a
sense for maybe how big the inference business is for you guys?
Do we need full on NBL-72 rack scale solutions for reasoning inference going forward?
Well we would like to serve all of it, and I think we're on track to serve most of it.
Rice Blackwell NVLink-72 is the ideal engine today, the ideal computer thinking machine,
if you will, for reasoning AI.
There's a couple of reasons for that.
The first reason is that the token generation amount, the number of tokens reasoning goes
through is a hundred, a thousand times more than a one-shot chatbot.
It's essentially thinking to itself, breaking down a problem step by step.
It might be planning multiple paths to an answer.
It could be using tools, reading PDFs, reading webpages, watching videos, and then producing
a result, an answer.
The longer it thinks, the better the answer, the smarter the answer is.
What we would like to do, and the reason why Rice Blackwell was designed to give such
a giant step up in inference performance, is so that you could do all this and still
get a response as quickly as possible.
Compared to Hopper, Rice Blackwell is some 40 times higher speed and throughput compared.
This is going to be a huge benefit in driving down the cost while improving the quality
of response with excellent quality of service at the same time.
That was the fundamental reason, that was the core driving reason for Grace Blackwell and
B-Link 72.
Of course, in order to do that, we had to reinvent, literally redesign the entire way that these
supercomputers are built.
But now we're in full production.
It's going to be exciting.
This is going to be incredibly exciting.
The next question comes from Vivek Arya with Bank of America Securities.
Your line is open.
Thanks for the question.
Just a clarification for Collette first.
So on the China impact, I think previously it was mentioned that at about $15 billion,
so you had the $8 billion in Q2, so is there still some left as a headwind for the remaining
quarters?
Just Collette, how to model that.
And then question, Jensen, for you.
Back at GTC, you had outlined the path towards almost a trillion dollars of AI spending over
the next few years.
Where are we in that build out?
And do you think it's going to be uniform that you will see every spender, whether it's
ESP, sovereign enterprises or build out, should we expect some periods of digestion in between?
What are your customer discussions telling you about how to model growth for next year?
Yes, Vivek.
Thanks so much for the question regarding H20.
Yes, we recognized 4.6 H20 in Q1.
We were unable to ship $2.5 billion, so the total for Q1 should have been $7 billion.
When we look at our Q2, our Q2 is going to be meaningfully down in terms of China data
center revenue, and we had highlighted in terms of the amount of orders that we had planned
for H20 in Q2, and that was $8 billion.
Now going forward, we did have other orders going forward that we will not be able to
fulfill.
That is what was incorporated, therefore, in the amount that we wrote down of the $4.5
billion.
That write down was about inventory and purchase commitments, and our purchase commitments were
about what we expected regarding the orders that we had received.
Going forward, though, it's a bigger issue regarding the amount of the market that we
will not be able to serve.
We assess that TAM to be close to about $50 billion in the future as we don't have a
product to enable for the China.
In fact, probably the best way to think through it is that AI is several things.
Of course, we know that AI is this incredible technology that's going to transform every
industry from, of course, the way we do software to healthcare and financial services, to retail,
to, I guess, every industry, transportation, manufacturing, and we're at the beginning
of that, but maybe another way to think about that is where do we need intelligence, where
do we need digital intelligence, and every country is in every industry.
We know because of that, we recognize that AI is also an infrastructure.
It's a way of delivering a technology that requires factories.
These factories produce tokens, and they, as I mentioned, are important to every single
industry in every single country.
On that basis, we're really at the very beginning of it because the adoption of this technology
is really kind of in its early, early stages.
Now, we've reached an extraordinary milestone with AIs that are reasoning, are thinking,
what people call inference times scaling.
Of course, it created a whole new, we've entered an era where inference is going to be a significant
part of the compute workload.
But anyhow, it's going to be a new infrastructure, and we're building it out in the clouds.
The United States is really the early starter and available in U.S. clouds, and this is
our largest market, our largest installed base, and we can continue to see that happening.
But beyond that, we're going to see AI go into enterprise, which is on-prem because so much
of the data is still on-prem, access control is really important.
It's really hard to move all of every company's data into the cloud, and so we're going to
move AI into the enterprise.
You saw that we announced a couple of really exciting new products, our RTX Pro Enterprise
AI server that runs everything enterprise and AI, our DGX Spark and DGX Station, which
is designed for developers who want to work on-prem.
Enterprise AI is just taking off.
Telcos, today, a lot of the telco infrastructure will be in the future software defined and
built on AI, and so 6G is going to be built on AI.
That infrastructure needs to be built out, and it's very, very early stages.
And then, of course, every factory today that makes things will have an AI factory that
sits with it, and the AI factory is going to be creating AI and operating AI for the
factory itself, but also to power the products and the things that are made by the factory.
So it's very clear that every car company will have AI factories, and very soon there'll
be robotics companies, robot companies, and those companies will be also building AIs
to drive the robots.
And so we're at the beginning of all of this build out.
The next question comes from CJ News with Canter Fitzgerald.
Your line is open.
Yeah.
Good afternoon.
Thank you for taking the question.
There have been many large GPU cluster investment announcements in the last month, and you alluded
to a few of them with Saudi Arabia, the UAE, and then also we've heard from Oracle and
XAI just to name a few.
So my question, are there other that have yet to be announced of the same kind of scale
and magnitude and perhaps more importantly, how are these orders impacting your lead times
for Blackwell and your current visibility sitting here today, almost halfway through
2025?
Well we have more orders today than we did at the last time I spoke about orders at GTC.
However, we're also increasing our supply chain and building out our supply chain.
They're doing a fantastic job.
We're building it here on shore in the United States, but we're going to keep our supply
chain quite busy for several many more years coming.
And with respect to further announcements, I'm going to be on the road next week through
Europe, and it's just about every country needs to build out AI infrastructure and their
umpteen AI factories being planned.
I think in the remarks, Collette mentioned there's some 100 AI factories being built.
There's a whole bunch that haven't been announced.
And I think the important concept here, which makes it easier to understand, is that like
other technologies that impact literally every single industry, of course electricity
was one and it became infrastructure.
Of course, the information infrastructure, which we now know as the internet, affects
every single industry, every country, every society.
Intelligence is surely one of those things.
I don't know any company, industry, country who thinks that intelligence is optional.
It's essential infrastructure.
And so we've now digitalized intelligence.
And so I think we're clearly in the beginning of the build out of this infrastructure.
And every country will have it.
I'm certain of that.
Every industry will use it, that I'm certain of.
And what's unique about this infrastructure is that it needs factories.
You know, it's a little bit like the energy infrastructure, electricity.
It needs factories.
We need factories to produce this intelligence.
And the intelligence is getting more sophisticated.
We were talking about earlier that we had a huge breakthrough in the last couple of years
with reasoning AI and now there are agents that reason and there's super agents that
use a whole bunch of tools and then there's clusters of super agents where agents are
working with agents, solving problems.
And so you could just imagine compared to one shot chatbots and the agents that are
now using AI built on these large language models, how much more compute intensive they
really need to be in our.
And so I think we're in the beginning of the build out and there should be there should
be many, many more announcements in the future.
Your next question.
Your next question comes from Ben Wrights with me, your line is open.
Yeah, thanks for the question.
I wanted to ask, you know, first to collect just a little clarification around the guidance
and maybe putting it in a different way.
You know, the 8 billion for age 20 just seems like, you know, it's roughly 3 billion more
than most people thought with regard to what you'd be foregoing in the second quarter.
So that would mean that, you know, with regard to your guidance, the rest of the business,
you know, in order to hit 45 is doing 2 to 3 billion or so better.
So you know, I was wondering if that math made sense to you and then, you know, in terms
of the guidance that would imply the non China business is doing a bit better than the street
expected.
So, you know, wondering, you know, what the primary driver was there in your view.
And then this, this second part of my question, you know, Jensen, I know you guide one quarter
at a time, but with regard to the AI diffusion rule being lifted, and this momentum with
sovereign, you know, there's been times in your history, where you've where you guys
have said on calls like this, where, you know, you have more conviction and sequential growth
throughout the year, etc.
And given given the unleashing of demand with AI diffusion being, you know, revoked and
the supply chain increasing, you know, does the environment give you more conviction and
sequential growth as we go throughout the year.
So first one for Collette and then next one for Jensen, thanks so much.
Thanks Ben for the question.
When we look at our Q to guidance and our commentary that we provided that had the export controls
not occurred, we would have had orders of about 8 billion for H 20.
That's correct.
That's a possibility for what we would have had in our outlook for this quarter in Q2.
So what we also have talked about here is the growth that we've seen in Blackwell, Blackwell
across many of our customers, as well as the growth that we continue to have in terms of
supply that we need for customers.
So putting those together, that's where we came through with the guidance that we provided.
I'm going to turn the rest over to Jensen to see how he wants to do this.
Thanks Ben.
I would say compared to the beginning of the year compared to GTC timeframe, there are
four positive surprises.
The first positive surprise is the step function demand increase of reasoning AI.
I think it is fairly clear now that AI is going through an exponential growth and reasoning
AI really busted through.
Concerns about hallucination or its ability to really solve problems and I think a lot
of people are crossing that barrier and realizing how incredibly effective agentic AI is.
And reasoning AI is.
So number one is inference reasoning and the exponential growth there, demand growth.
The second one, you mentioned AI diffusion.
It's really terrific to see that the AI diffusion rule was rescinded.
President Trump wants America to win and he also realizes that we're not the only country
in the race and he wants United States to win and recognizes that we have to get the
American stack out to the world and have the world build on top of American stacks instead
of alternatives.
And so AI diffusion happened, the rescinding of it happened at almost precisely the time
that the countries around the world are awakening the importance of AI as an infrastructure.
Not just as a technology of great curiosity and great importance, but infrastructure for
their industries and startups and society.
Just as they had to build out infrastructure for electricity and internet, you got to
build out an infrastructure for AI.
I think that that's an awakening and that creates a lot of opportunity.
The third is enterprise AI.
Agents work and agents are doing these agents are really quite successful.
Much more than generative AI, agentic AI is game changing.
Agents can understand ambiguous and rather implicit instructions and able to problem
solve and use tools and have memory and so on.
And so I think this is enterprise AI is ready to take off and it's taken us a few years
to build a computing system that is able to integrate run enterprise AI stacks, run enterprise
IT stacks, but add AI to it.
And this is the RTX Pro Enterprise Server that we announced at Computex just last week.
And just about every major IT company has joined us and super excited about that.
And so computing is one part of it, but remember enterprise IT is really three pillars.
It's compute, storage and networking and we've now put all three of them together for finally
and we're going to market with that.
And then lastly, industrial AI.
Remember one of the implications of the world reordering, if you will, is regions on-shoring
manufacturing and building plants everywhere.
In addition to AI factories, of course, there are new electronics manufacturing, chip manufacturing
being built around the world.
And all of these new plants and these new factories are creating exactly the right time when omniverses
and AI and all the work that we're doing with robotics is emerging.
And so this fourth pillar is quite important.
Every factory will have an AI factory associated with it.
And in order to create these physical AI systems, you really have to train a vast amount of
data.
So back to more data, more training, more AIs to be created, more computers.
And so these four drivers are really kicking into turbo charge.
Your next question comes from Timothy Arcuri with UBS.
Your line is open.
Thanks a lot.
Jensen, I wanted to ask about China.
It sounds like the July guidance assumes there's no SKU replacement for the H20.
But if the president wants the US to win, it seems like you're going to have to be allowed
to ship something into China.
So I guess I had two points on that.
First of all, have you been approved to ship a new modified version into China?
And you're currently building it, but you just can't ship it in fiscal Q2.
And then you were sort of run rating $7 to $8 billion a quarter into China.
When we get back to those sorts of quarterly run rates, once you get something that you're
allowed to ship back into China, I think we're all trying to figure out how much to add back
to our models and when.
So whatever you can say there would be great, thanks.
The president has a plan.
He has a vision, and I trust him.
With respect to our export controls, it's a set of limits.
And the new set of limits pretty much make it impossible for us to reduce hopper any further
for any productive use.
And so the new limits, it's kind of the end of the road for hopper.
We have limited options, and so the key is to understand the limits.
The key is to understand the limits and see if we can come up with interesting products
that could continue to serve the Chinese market.
We don't have anything at the moment, but we're considering it.
We're thinking about it.
Obviously the limits are quite stringent at the moment.
And we have nothing to announce today.
And when the time comes, we'll engage the administration and discuss that.
Your final question comes from the line of Erin Rakers with Wells Fargo.
Your line is open.
Hi, this is Jake on for Erin.
Thanks for taking the question, and congrats on the great quarter.
I was wondering if you could give some additional color around the strength you saw within the
networking business, particularly around the adoption of your Ethernet solutions at CSPs
as well as any change you're seeing in network attach rates.
Yeah, thank you for that.
We now have three networking platforms, maybe four.
The first one is the Scale Up platform to turn a computer into a much larger computer.
Scaling up is incredibly hard to do.
Scaling out is easier to do, but scaling up is hard to do.
And that platform is called NVLink.
And NVLink comes with it, chips and switches, and NVLink spines, and it's really complicated.
But anyways, that's our new platform, Scale Up platform.
In addition to Infiniband, we also have SpectrumX.
We've been fairly consistent that Ethernet was designed for a lot of traffic that are
independent, but in the case of AI, you have a lot of computers working together.
And the traffic of AI is insanely bursty.
Latency matters a lot because the AI is thinking, and it wants to get worked on as quickly as
possible, and you've got a whole bunch of nodes working together.
And so we enhanced Ethernet added capabilities like extremely low latency, congestion control,
adaptive routing, the type of technologies that were available only in Infiniband to
Ethernet.
And as a result, we improved the utilization of Ethernet in these clusters.
These clusters are gigantic from as low as 50% to as high as 85%, 90%.
And so the difference is, if you had a cluster that's $10 billion, and you improved its effectiveness
by 40%, that's worth $4 billion.
It's incredible.
And so SpectrumX has been really, quite frankly, a home run.
And this last quarter, as we said in the prepared remarks, we added two very significant CSPs
to the SpectrumX adoption.
And then the last one, the last one is Bluefield, which is our control plane.
And so in those four, the control plane and network, which is used for storage, is used
for security, and for many of these clusters that want to achieve isolation among its users,
multi-tenant clusters, and still be able to use and have extremely high performance bare
metal performance, Bluefield is ideal for that, and is used in a lot of these cases.
So we have these four networking platforms that are all growing, and we're doing really
well.
I'm very proud of Team.
That is all the time we have for questions.
Denton, I will turn the call back to you.
Thank you.
This is the start of a powerful new wave of growth.
Grace Blackwell is in full production.
We're off to the races.
We now have multiple significant growth engines.
Inference, once the light of workload is surging with revenue generating AI services, AI is
growing faster and will be larger than any platform shifts before, including the Internet,
mobile, and cloud.
Blackwell is built to power the full AI lifecycle from training frontier models to running complex
inference and reasoning agents at scale.
Trading demands continue to rise with breakthroughs in post-training and like reinforcement learning
and synthetic data generation, but inference is exploding.
Reasoning AI agents require orders of magnitude more compute.
The foundations of our next growth platforms are in place and ready to scale.
Sovereign AI nations are investing in AI infrastructure like they once did for electricity
and Internet.
Enterprise AI, AI must be deployable on-prem and integrated with existing IT.
Our RTX Pro, DGX PARC, and DGX Station Enterprise AI systems are ready to modernize the $500
billion IT infrastructure on-prem or in the cloud.
Every major IT provider is partnering with us.
All AI from training to digital twin simulation to deployment, NVIDIA Omniverse, and ISA Groot
are powering next generation factories and humanoid robotic systems worldwide.
The age of AI is here.
From AI infrastructures, inference at scale, sovereign AI, enterprise AI, and industrial
AI, NVIDIA is ready.
Design is at GTC Paris.
I'll keynote at VivaTech on June 11 talking about quantum GPU computing, robotic factories
and robots, and celebrate our partnerships building AI factories across the region.
The NVIDIA band will tour France, the UK, Germany, and Belgium.
Thank you for joining us at the earnings call today.
See you in Paris.
This concludes today's conference call.
You may now disconnect.